== Welcome to Palabra

Palabra is a project by FPI and UoC. The software is licensed under a MIT
license. The database (Palabra.sql.gz) is licensed as follows:

List of words in Papiamentu by FPI is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License.
Based on a work at www.fpi.cw/20110917-Lista_di_palabra_Papiamentu.
Permissions beyond the scope of this license may be available at www.fpi.cw/20110917-Lista_di_palabra_Papiamentu.

Any artwork used in the database is the responsibility of FPI and UoC.
www.fpi.cw www.uoc.cw

There are no users in the database, you have to make one first.

== Software License

Copyright (c) 2013-2017 Ace Suares, Suares & Co

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
